# Supplementary Information
This is part of Supplementary Information for the paper titled "Parametric Analysis of an Efficient Boundary Condition to Control Outlet Flow Rates in Large Arterial Networks" by Sharp C. Y. Lo, Jon W. S. McCullough, and Peter V. Coveney ([2022](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-022-21923-9)). The corresponding author is Prof. Peter V. Coveney (p.v.coveney@ucl.ac.uk).

Here `FiveExit` and `ProfundaFemoris2` refer to the five-outlets model and the *profunda femoris* model described in the paper, respectively.

The simulation cases studied are listed in the file `experiments.csv` in the corresponding sub-folders. For example, `FiveExit_coarse` refers to the simulations using the coarse grid and the five-outlets model.

The simulations described in the paper were performed using [HemePure](https://github.com/hemelb-codes/HemePure), a HemeLB version with improved memory, compilation and scaling. The input files for these simulations were generated by the Python script `writeInput.py`. This script imports `MyModules/InputOutput.py` and reads `experiments.csv` and `input_VfWKf.xml` in the corresponding sub-folders, where the constant parameters for each simulation domain are provided in `const_param.csv`. To use this script, execute the command `python writeInput.py` with Python of version 3.6 or above.

The outputs of HemeLB were first processed using `paraviewPreprocess.sh` to obtain human-readable outputs. These outputs were analysed using `verification.py`. The figures in the paper and its supplementary figures were generated using `analysis.py`.
